Improve Azure Container Apps deployment (#254)
1Password/scim-examples: beta/azure-container-apps/ReadMe.md

Using the Azure Cloud Shell can be easier (the assumption for the commands below is that you are using the Cloud Shell), but this can also been done directly on your system with the Azure CLI tool with the ContainerApp Extension

Both methods need the Container App Extension added to the AZ tool of choice, by running `az extension add --name containerapp --upgrade`

1. Start the Azure Cloud Shell from the navigation bar of your [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or directly open the [Azure Shell](https://shell.azure.com).
2. Add the Azure Container App extension by running the following command: `az extension add --name containerapp --upgrade`
3. Get a list of the available locations in your Azure account: `az account list-locations -o table`, verify that the region you want to deploy on [supports Azure Container Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-ca/explore/global-infrastructure/products-by-region/?regions=all&products=container-apps), take note of the name field for the desired region. 
4. Define variables for the deployment using the following example in the Cloud Shell, _(using the bash or PowerShell syntax for the commands)_.

    > **Note**
    >

>     >The ContainerAppName can not have upper case letters, and must be between 2 and 32 characters long and start and end wuth alphanumeric, it can contain letters, numbers and hyphens.

Reviewer: Rephrase slightly to make more clear: 
> ... it can contain lowercase letters, numerals, and hyphens. It must be between 2 and 32 characters long, and cannot start or end with a hyphen

Author: ```suggestion
    >The ContainerAppName can contain lowercase letters, numerals, and hyphens. It must be between 2 and 32 characters long, and cannot start or end with a hyphen.
```
Applying @plttn's suggestion

    > **Note**
    >

>     > You may be prompted to install the ContainerApp extension with this message if you did not previsously install this extension:

Reviewer: previously

Author: ```suggestion
    > You may be prompted to install the ContainerApp extension with this message if you did not previously install this extension:
```
Applying @plttn's suggestion

## Appendix

> ### Resource recommendations

Reviewer 2: Love that we're including this. I see the CLI commands below appear to allocate more resources to the _containers_, will that automatically scale up the resources of the container environment itself? Or would they need to separately provision more resources to the environment to be equal to or grater than the total resources allocated to each container?

Author: The nice thing about Container Apps, is that the update option applied through the GUI or CLI, updates the existing containers within the Container App. It will automatically deploy a new revision utilizing the new specs, and be online within a small period of time as the active revision. The Container App Environment itself does not need to be scaled up, as the default ConApp environment settings have it set to consumption based.

Reviewer 2: Nice! Resolving this discussion and approving!
